OSDOCS-10637 Adding warnings re. using shared VPCs for HCP clusters (#76339)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/rosa-shared-vpc-config.adoc

endif::openshift-rosa[]
clusters in shared, centrally-managed AWS virtual private clouds (VPCs). 

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Shared VPC environments are supported only for ROSA Classic clusters using STS for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-sharing.html[Sharing VPCs across multiple AWS accounts] is currently only supported for ROSA Classic clusters using STS for authentication.
```
